docs: Update docs merge tests (#3407)
kyma-project/busola: tests/integration/README.md

## Overview

> This project contains smoke, integration UI and Kyma related tests for Busola.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains smoke, integration UI, and Kyma-related tests for Busola.
```

## Prerequisites

Before testing, you need to copy your cluster's kubeconfig file to `fixtures/kubeconfig.yaml`.

> For tests which starts with `kyma-` run Busola using Docker, PR number, and - optionally - your desired environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For tests that start with `kyma-`, run Busola using Docker, PR number, and - optionally - your desired environment:
```
